Kevin Connolly: I don't want to run out of time, so I'm gonna try and go very quickly here.
Kevin Connolly: my… my thoughts on resumes, just, like I said, the application form, like, just…
Kevin Connolly: be a human and try to care, as simple as that sounds like, right? If you… I'm a big fan of researching companies, finding founders, leaders, people that are inspiring, listening to their YouTube talks, presentations, trying to really get to know them, and then…
Kevin Connolly: expressing your excitement or interest genuinely, and recruiters will see that. Of course, that's not all, like, you have to be qualified for the role, but if you're talking about comparing a lot of qualified applicants, and then somebody genuinely cares or shows that they do.
Kevin Connolly: It will be, or can be a contributing factor to differentiating.
Kevin Connolly: And I see people that make typos on their…
Kevin Connolly: on their resumes, and I don't judge it too much, it's, like, sometimes a painful thing to do, but again, it's… I think the overarching theme is, from a hiring manager's perspective, like, it's not, is this candidate good? It's like, I've got…
Kevin Connolly: 25, 30 good candidates, and I have to make a hard decision on some. So then, like, some of this marginal minutiae starts to be differentiating factors.
Kevin Connolly: And I've also seen people that sound really good, but they're just very vague. So there's… there's a bunch of resume writing advice out there, I don't want to spend too much time on it, but I think it can be…
Kevin Connolly: A good reminder.
Jeff D'Andria: Kevin, that idea of, I gotta make some hard decisions, you know, go from 25 to 30 to less, and so…
Jeff D'Andria: I'm just curious, what comes to mind when you're with these teams and they're making the hard decisions? What kind of factors are you hearing it come down to?
Kevin Connolly: Well, I mean, I think it's the most difficult at the top of the funnel because you have the least amount of information, and so I…
Kevin Connolly: I'm a… I don't know, hopeful person is my way to put it, but, like.
Kevin Connolly: like I said, in the ideal world, I could just interview all these people, and really get to know them, and then have a better set of information to judge whether they're a good fit or not. But I've seen resumes where it's like, person sounds really exciting, but, like, every bullet point is just, like, vague.
Kevin Connolly: I was like, I…
Kevin Connolly: I don't know, the experience seems to be there, but it's not enough information, and I… I'm not going to schedule a call proactively just to figure out whether they have it or not, if I have 20 other applicants that are very detailed. I'm just gonna… that's what I call, like.
Kevin Connolly: It's unfortunate I gotta reject you at this stage, because I have to make my decisions literally today to, like, keep moving. So it's just, like, information…
Kevin Connolly: and uncertainty management.
Kevin Connolly: None.
Kevin Connolly: And so, yeah, maybe there's some lesson in there, like, the candidate can think about it from that perspective, like, make sure… this is where I do think, like, the personal portfolio is, I think on the next slide, this is a little bit about AI, again, just that there's a lot baked into
Kevin Connolly: it being good for candidates, I won't spend too much time on that, but, to…
Kevin Connolly: consider… things that you consider doing to get noticed, just riffing on that. Personal portfolio site is nothing new.
Kevin Connolly: Here, but the cost of it basically going to zero is in the era of AI. So, your resume is limited. If you captured interest, and I'm trying to make a hard decision, and candidate A has a personal portfolio link, and candidate B does not.
Kevin Connolly: and I go to that personal portfolio site, it can either suck.
Kevin Connolly: and have a bunch of broken links, and be a very bad representation in which I'll be like.
Kevin Connolly: that… you shouldn't have shared that. Or it will be amazing. It doesn't have to be stellar design, whatever, world-class innovation award here. But it's a chance to share more detail about their personality, their interests, projects, and that is super valuable. So I don't think there's…
Kevin Connolly: much of an excuse in the AI era to, like, not have something that works and shares a little bit more detail. And if you think you're going to be in a competitive role, I would recommend trying to have something like that ready and available.
Kevin Connolly: Of course, this will vary per role and type, but assuming we're all talking about, like, CS, engineering, data, whatever type world.
Kevin Connolly: roles. I personally bias very heavily on curiosity and, and,
Kevin Connolly: That's important for data analysts in particular, to have those sort of instincts. Data visualization, stuff like that.
Sathya Narayanan: Kevin, I… I really appreciated you saying that, like, it's a… it's, the use of AI is…
Sathya Narayanan: Candidate-friendly, because now it can kind of process more information and be more rigorous than, like, a human being trying to quickly go through.
Sathya Narayanan: Do those systems even click through on a personal portfolio site or anything like that, or do they just still stay within their… within their resume? Like, are you…
Kevin Connolly: No, they do not, at least Ashby does not. Maybe there's some stuff… I mean, we… well, we have agents within our ATS, too, and you could actually instruct it to extract social links and go and do something, but it's not part of the default, applicant review process.
Kevin Connolly: Are you…
Jeff D'Andria: Go ahead, Kevin.
Kevin Connolly: Oh, yeah, it's a nice idea, though, to, like, make it more robust automatically.
Sathya Narayanan: Yeah.
Jeff D'Andria: Are you seeing… as the job market for recent grads in CS is kind of, like, you know, not as great as the past, are you seeing any kind of adjacent peripheral roles that folks are floating into, or companies are saying, but I could still use you in these new… maybe newer job titles?
Kevin Connolly: I… I don't know, like, nothing comes to mind right now. There's a discussion… the only thing that seems maybe related to that question is this idea of a forward deploy engineer for AI.
Kevin Connolly: roles, which is kind of been the news lately, where a bunch, like, both OpenAI and Anthropic have basically built out and are investing in their consulting
Kevin Connolly: arms, where they're going to help enterprises and other companies implement AI, and there's this idea of, like, a forward deploy engineers, you would…
Kevin Connolly: go into those companies on behalf of these AI consulting arms of the foundation companies, and help them implement and utilize AI effectively. And there's speculative tech chatter that this will be a huge future
Kevin Connolly: not just for those two foundation model firms, but even for companies like Ashley, we have, like, increasingly sophisticated
Kevin Connolly: AI tools and options and, like, getting them all configured, even though we try to make it very user-friendly and accessible, it just becomes a larger and larger suite of options. So, like, the implementation process in business or enterprise software is pretty sophisticated.
Kevin Connolly: So there might be, like, a new… new job title or role that's kind of emerging with everybody trying to implement everything AI all at once.
Jeff D'Andria: Okay.